[Bug Fix] First usage of terminalwriter creates an unexpected new line. closes #12777 (#12783)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12777.bugfix.rst

> Fixed bug where the first writeline in terminalwriter created a new line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug where the `TerminalWriter` created an extraneous newline line in some situations.
```
